It was twice like that
I'd like a candid impressions now in the new acquisition to re-election in now and
Also it was in Sucre c Award or rather difficult
Though
9 points
It is sealed c
The opponent of the first round was Ueda from previous article
Is unmasking is one woman teacher would be just below
very well
Boost of
It was a long time ago, but Prius
In the
But too much
Because was not in Iiii No, say much
The other towards the song says music bureau
But it was challenged by the feeling that I want Dashikiri our best
It is tan will look back eventually, but the shop name anymore
Gillari brother in the first hand 56 useful to the eye
I became a minor addict
Maybe it was a strategy
Yeah Do you expect good
Say Well I should Kero course If you are also vaguely say it because I
Because I decided
Oh, I wasn't worried about it
It was a story that earlier also was glad Well middle
I would not like to look back on it again
You are in the swamp
The teacher is
Koide Otaku
To hug
to exchange
There can take three years by or on the Tin
I cut it
I thought it would be a little successful
That after taking my recovery and gold
Te is well filled in
Eat rice moving
I will get stuck
It 's a development for Japan worth
There is no choice but to attack
If you have been a Hayano destination because had
I think it was bad
6 points
Will I will look around because the kana was getting better or that aspect
But it was a long time ago but I thought that the wind direction had changed
Kyushu 39th term
-6 for Edo people
Armor to the minute
It Is What form of say, taken luxurious attack
This 2nd round faucet
Say inside
This is also the mode on the mode, but look at its parliamentary aspirations and the Internet
Please give me a message for everyone
very well
Sound formation
Ummm
Attached to and which system
I'm such
Great enemy
The
And even in the official game teacher doing each or rather for investment
By
Very looking forward to
road
song is
The song is now
Because it was a little move to win two parts Wu
I think I 'm out of power
again
Thanking you in advance
There Thank You